Tarball flake improvements (#8477)
NixOS/nix: doc/manual/src/protocols/tarball-fetcher.md

> # Serving Tarball Flakes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Lockable HTTP Tarball Protocol
```

Doesn't have to be a flake.

> Tarball flakes are served as regular tarballs via HTTP or the file
> system (for `file://` URLs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tarball flakes can be served as regular tarballs via HTTP or the file
system (for `file://` URLs). Unless the server implements the Lockable
HTTP Tarball protocol, it is the responsibility of the user to make sure that
the URL always produces the same tarball contents.
```

> An HTTP server can return an "immutable" flakeref appropriate for lock

Reviewer: As we're making use of existing facilities of the HTTP standard, I would not encourage people to use non-standard strings where a normal URL is expected. Furthermore accepting arbitrary flakerefs means that we'd have to care about redirects to local resources, which is a security risk.

```suggestion
An HTTP server can return an "immutable" HTTP URL appropriate for lock
```

Reviewer: This affects the text in other places as well.

The term `flakeref` isn't accurate for something that may not be a flake.

files. This allows users to specify a tarball flake input in
`flake.nix` that requests the latest version of a flake
(e.g. `https://example.org/hello/latest.tar.gz`), while `flake.lock`
will record a URL whose contents will not change
(e.g. `https://example.org/hello/<revision>.tar.gz`). To do so, the

> server must return a `Link` header with the `rel` attribute set to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
server must return an [HTTP `Link` header](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Link) with the `rel` attribute set to
```

`immutable`, as follows:

```
Link: <flakeref>; rel="immutable"
```

(Note the required `<` and `>` characters around *flakeref*.)

*flakeref* must be a tarball flakeref. It can contain flake attributes
such as `narHash`, `rev` and `revCount`. If `narHash` is included, its
value must be the NAR hash of the unpacked tarball (as computed via
`nix hash path`). Nix checks the contents of the returned tarball
against the `narHash` attribute. The `rev` and `revCount` attributes
are useful when the tarball flake is a mirror of a fetcher type that
has those attributes, such as Git or GitHub. They are not checked by
Nix.

```
Link: <https://example.org/hello/442793d9ec0584f6a6e82fa253850c8085bb150a.tar.gz
  ?rev=442793d9ec0584f6a6e82fa253850c8085bb150a
  &revCount=835
  &narHash=sha256-GUm8Uh/U74zFCwkvt9Mri4DSM%2BmHj3tYhXUkYpiv31M%3D>; rel="immutable"

> ```

Reviewer: I don't know whether this or `Link: <url>; rel="immutable"; rev="442..."` is better. It gives the server implementer the option to not pass those parameters to the CDN. OTOH it could lead to some duplication, but is that a problem? Both seem like minor problems so I really don't know.

Maybe the folks at GitHub have a preference?
